Instructions:
For this project we will be checking the design in Google Chrome version 48 or higher. Different browsers display forms slightly differently so please make sure it looks correct in Google Chrome before submitting.
Build the layout using a mobile first design:

Make sure the HTML file includes the viewport meta tag in the head of the document, see Configuring the Viewport to understand why and how to add this tag.
Look at the provided mockup (mobile-form.png) and add the same content to your index.html file.

NOTE:
It's okay if your checkboxes and radio buttons don't match the look of those in the mockups. It's perfectly fine to use the standard default radio buttons and checkboxes.

Create the form structure:
Only use one <form> tag. The <form> tag should contain all the form elements. Add a fieldset and legend for each of the following sections:

"Contact Information" section of the page, and
The "Newsletter" section of the page

Note: You don't need to make a functioning form -- that is, it doesn't have to do anything when the form is submitted. To do that, you'd need to add some server-side programming to actually process the user's input.
Make sure you include the following form field types:
text input
email input
telephone input
select menu
checkboxes
radio buttons
textarea
submit button

Form fields should include the following attributes:
input: should include id, type and name attributes.
select and textarea: should include id and name attributes.

NOTE:
Checkboxes should have identical name attributes but unique value attributes
Radio Buttons should have identical name attributes but unique value attributes

Add labels to each form element using the HTML <label> tag. The text inside the labels should match the names of the form fields in the mockups.
Make sure you properly pair each <label> element with its corresponding form control via the for attribute. See the link above for an example. And don't forget about the textarea element. That needs a functioning label too.

NOTE: Remember that to associate a label with a form input element, the label’s “for” attribute should match the input’s unique id.
Use the input field's placeholder attribute to add the text "required" to:

the Full Name field
the Email address field

Once you have everything in place for the mobile layout, use a media query to add a breakpoint to adjust the layout for wider tablet and desktop screens.

Match the design as it should look on a tablet or desktop that is 768px wide using the desktop-form.png mockup.
Use a mobile-first approach by writing your media queries using the min-width property in your CSS.

Once all your breakpoints are in place, double check your layout matches both the mockups.

Check that the label text position matches both mockups:
Mobile: Text should be above the form field.
Desktop: Text should be to the left side of the form field.

Use a Google Font for the text. The design uses the "Merriweather" font but, you can use any Google Font that you'd like.
Add :focus states to the form for when a user clicks or tabs into a text field.
